Rename (#923)
resin-io/docs: shared/getting-started/getDeviceOnDash/orangepi-plus2.md

Insert the SD card into your **{{ $device.name }}** and, if necessary, connect the ethernet cable or the USB WiFi adapter. Now power up your **{{ $device.name }}** by inserting the micro USB cable.

> It will take a minute or two for the **{{ $device.name }}** to appear on your {{ $names.company.lower }} [dashboard][resinDash]. While you wait, the balenaOS is expanding the partitions on your SD card to use all available space, installing a custom Linux environment, and establishing a secure connection with the balena servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will take a minute or two for the **{{ $device.name }}** to appear on your {{ $names.company.lower }} [dashboard][resinDash]. While you wait, the {{ $names.os.lower }} is expanding the partitions on your SD card to use all available space, installing a custom Linux environment, and establishing a secure connection with the {{ $names.company.lower }} servers.
```
